INTMDB-276: Added VersionReleaseSystem parameter for resource/datasource(s) of cluster (#623)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/cluster.html.markdown

* `provider_auto_scaling_compute_max_instance_size` - (Optional) Maximum instance size to which your cluster can automatically scale (e.g., M40). Required if `autoScaling.compute.enabled` is `true`.

* `replication_specs` - Configuration for cluster regions.  See [Replication Spec](#replication-spec) below for more details.

> * `version_release_system` - (Optional) - Method by which this cluster maintains the MongoDB versions. Valid values are `CONTINUOUS` or `LTS` (Long Term Support). This parameter defaults to `LTS`. If you set this parameter to `CONTINUOUS` and set any value for `mongo_db_major_version`, this resource returns an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `version_release_system` - (Optional) - Release cadence that Atlas uses for this cluster. This parameter defaults to `LTS`. If you set this field to `CONTINUOUS`, you must omit the `mongo_db_major_version` field. Atlas accepts:
   - `CONTINUOUS`:  Atlas creates your cluster using the most recent MongoDB release. Atlas automatically updates your cluster to the latest major and rapid MongoDB releases as they become available.
   - `LTS`: Atlas creates your cluster using the latest patch release of the MongoDB version that you specify in the mongoDBMajorVersion field. Atlas automatically updates your cluster to subsequent patch releases of this MongoDB version. Atlas doesn't update your cluster to newer rapid or major MongoDB releases as they become available.
```
